Alice in Wonderland

The story of a girl named Alice who falls down a rabbit hole into a fantasy world populated by peculiar and anthropomorphic creatures. The tale is filled with allusions to Dodgson's friends. The tale plays with logic in ways that have given the story lasting popularity with adults as well as children. It is considered to be one of the most characteristic examples of the genre of literary nonsense, and its narrative course and structure have been enormously influential, especially in the fantasy genre.

The Time Machine

A brilliant fantasy beyond conventional thought...

Collected Works of Poe

Edgar Allan Poe, An Appreciation
Life of Poe, by James Russell Lowell
Death of Poe, by N. P. Willis
The Unparalled Adventures of One Hans Pfall
The Gold Bug
Four Beasts in One
The Murders in the Rue Morgue (Audio version)
The Mystery of Marie Rogêt
The Balloon Hoax
MS. Found in a Bottle
The Oval Portrait

The Demon Girl

Rae Wilder has problems. Plunged into a world of dark magic, fierce creatures and ritual sacrifice, she is charged with a guarding a magical amulet. Rae finds herself beaten up, repeatedly, and forced to make a choice: to live and die human, or embrace her birth-right and wield magics that could turn her into something wicked, a force of nature nothing can control.

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz

To quote a reader, ''If all you know of Oz comes from the movie musical then you owe it to yourself to read the book that inspired Hollywood.'' Learn about Dorothy and her friends in the first of thirteen volumes by L. Frank Baum.

The Phantom of the Opera

he story of a man named Erik, an eccentric, physically deformed genius who terrorizes the Opera Garnier in Paris. He builds his home beneath it and takes the love of his life, a beautiful soprano, under his wing.

Gulliver's Travels

A satire on human nature and a parody of the "travellers' tales" literary genre, this is widely considered Swift's greatest work as well as one of the indisputable classics of English literature. Transcribed from the 1892 George Bell and Son edition.